Contact Davidson Emmanuel
Guzape, Abuja.
09063579586 (Mobile) Full Turnkey Project Delivery Engineer // FTTH Design, Planning and
emmanueldavidson01@gmail.co Implementation Engineer // Green Energy Enthusiast. Solar Hybrid +
m Lithium-ion Batteries Hybrid at Huawei
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
www.linkedin.com/in/davidson-
emmanuel-1738a126b (LinkedIn)
Summary
Top Skills
I am a well seasoned civil engineer with over five years of
Mathematics
experience in design, construction and management of infrastructure
Physics
projects. Specialising in construction engineering and management, I
Techncial drawing
have successfully led numerous high class projects from conception
to completion, ensuring they meet the highest standards of
Languages
quality, safety and durability. Over the length of my career I have
English (Full Professional)
demonstrated a keen ability to solve complex engineering problems,
working collaboratively with multiple team members from various
Certifications
domains to deliver innovative solutions. I am known for my strong
The “43210 Approach” to Project
leadership skills, attention to details, and commitment to excellence
Management
which have earned me recognition within the industry.
Diploma in Leadership Development
Honors-Awards Currently, I am a civil engineer at Huawei Technologies Limited,
where I work on various telecommunications delivery project to
College of Engineering First Class
Recognition Award ensure they meet quality, safety and durability standards. In my
Foursquare Gospel Church previous role as a civil engineer at Laralek Ultimate Limited, I
Excellence Award
contributed to maintaining 95% quality on all projects I handled by
ensuring all activities were done to specifications and standards.
I am a proactive problem solver who is always looking for
opportunities to learn and grow, and am excited to bring my skills
and expertise to new challenges. Let’s connect and see how we
can work together to deliver projects through standard engineering
practices.
Experience
Huawei
2 years 9 months
Project Engineer
December 2023 - Present (1 year 9 months)
Abuja, Federal Capital Territory, Nigeria
Page 1 of 3
Major Projects Delivered During This Period Includes:
(1) NIS E-Border Project
* Greenfield site survey
* Construction of 44 telecom greenfield sites with each site consisting of a
35meters tower, retaining wall, palisade fence, 78solar panels, PC1000 &
21*150AH Li Batteries, 1* DG, 4* PC500, Equipment room.
* Construction of rooftops solar foundation & structures.
Civil Project Engineer
December 2022 - December 2023 (1 year 1 month)
Lagos State, Nigeria
Major Projects Delivered During This Period Includes:
* Screw Pile Foundation Proof of Concept
* FTTH (Fiber To The Home) Survey and Design
* Solar Survey and Design
* IHS Power-cube Issues Resolution
* IHS 446 Solar Structure Project.
Solar foundation construction, structures installation and solar integration.
Laralek Ultimate Limited
Civil Engineer
November 2019 - December 2022 (3 years 2 months)
Ikeja, Lagos State, Nigeria
Major Projects Delivered During This Period Includes:
* 5KM Single carriageway construction at Osi Ota, Ogun State.
* 1.14KM Single carriageway construction at Makinde and Adekoya street,
Joke Ayo Road.
* 4.66KM Dual carriageway and bridge construction from Jokeayo to Ekoro,
Lagos state.
* 1.3KM Single carriageway construction at Joju access road , Ota.
* 4.8KM Dual carriageway and bridge construction from Akute to Oluwakemi
Bridge, Lagos state.
* Mission Tower construction at the Ark Legacy Project, Canaanland Ota,
Ogun state.
Covenant University
Undergraduate Researcher
September 2017 - May 2018 (9 months)
Ado Odo/Ota, Ogun State, Nigeria
Public water supply usage in Nigeria; its effect and environmental impacts.
Page 2 of 3
Education
Covenant University
Bachelor of Engineering - BE, Civil Engineering · (September 2013 - July
2018)
Ota Total Academy
SSCE, Science · (July 2007 - July 2013)
Page 3 of 3
